Dismissible Lock Screen / Disable Lock Screen - Fall 2019 Documentation (#143)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Getting Started/Adding the Lock Screen/index.md

!@

## Customizing the Lock Screen State

> In SDL iOS v6.4 a new parameter `displayMode` has been added to the `SDLLockScreenConfiguration` to control the state of the lock screen and the older boolean parameters have been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SDL iOS v6.4, a new parameter `displayMode` has been added to the `SDLLockScreenConfiguration` to control the state of the lock screen and the older boolean parameters have been deprecated.
```

> In SDL iOS v6.4 a new parameter `displayMode` has been added to the `SDLLockScreenConfiguration` to control the state of the lock screen and the older boolean parameters have been deprecated.

Reviewer: You haven't considered Android

> | DisplayMode | Description |

Reviewer: Please arrange this table better with white-spacing. Look at other tables or ask if you need more information.

> In SDL iOS v6.4, a new parameter `displayMode` has been added to the @![iOS]`SDLLockScreenConfiguration` !@ @![android]`LockScreenConfig`!@ to control the state of the lock screen and the older boolean parameters have been deprecated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SDL iOS v6.4, a new parameter `displayMode` has been added to the @![iOS]`SDLLockScreenConfiguration`!@@![android]`LockScreenConfig`!@ to control the state of the lock screen and the older boolean parameters have been deprecated.
```

| --------------- | ------------- |
| never | The lock screen should never be shown. This should almost always mean that you will build your own lock screen |
| requiredOnly | The lock screen should only be shown when it is required by the head unit |
| optionalOrRequired | The lock screen should be shown when required by the head unit or when the head unit says that its optional, but *not* in other cases, such as before the user has interacted with your app on the head unit |
| always | The lock screen should always be shown after connection |

### Disabling the Lock Screen

> Please note that a lock screen will be required by most OEMs. You can disable the lock screen manager, but you will then be required to implement your own logic for showing and hiding the lock screen. This is not recommended as the @![iOS]`SDLLockScreenConfiguration` !@ @![android]`LockScreenConfig`!@ adheres to most OEM lock screen requirements. However, if you must create a lock screen manager from scratch, the library's lock screen manager can be disabled via the @![iOS]`SDLLockScreenConfiguration`!@ @![android]`LockScreenConfig`!@ as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that a lock screen will be required by most OEMs. You can disable the lock screen manager, but you will then be required to implement your own logic for showing and hiding the lock screen. This is not recommended as the @![iOS]`SDLLockScreenConfiguration` !@@![android]`LockScreenConfig`!@ adheres to most OEM lock screen requirements. However, if you must create a lock screen manager from scratch, the library's lock screen manager can be disabled via the @![iOS]`SDLLockScreenConfiguration`!@@![android]`LockScreenConfig`!@ as follows:
```

!@

## Customizing the Lock Screen State

> A new `enum` `SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayMode` has been added to the `SDLLockScreenConfiguration` to control the state of the lock screen.

Reviewer: Update this sentence for Android too.

> A new `enum` `SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayMode` has been added to the `SDLLockScreenConfiguration` to control the state of the lock screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In SDL iOS v6.4 a new parameter `displayMode` has been added to the `SDLLockScreenConfiguration` to control the state of the lock screen and the older boolean parameters have been deprecated.
```

> | SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayMode | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DisplayMode | Description |
```

|:--------------------------------------------|:--------------|

> | SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayModeNever | The lock screen should never be shown. This should almost always mean that you will build your own lock screen |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| never | The lock screen should never be shown. This should almost always mean that you will build your own lock screen |
```

> | SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayModeRequiredOnly | The lock screen should only be shown when it is required by the head unit  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| requiredOnly | The lock screen should only be shown when it is required by the head unit  |
```

> | SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayModeOptionalOrRequired | The lock screen should be shown when required by the head unit or when the head unit says that its optional, but *not* in other cases, such as before the user has interacted with your app on the head unit |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| optionalOrRequired | The lock screen should be shown when required by the head unit or when the head unit says that its optional, but *not* in other cases, such as before the user has interacted with your app on the head unit |
```

> | SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayModeAlways | The lock screen should always be shown after connection |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| always | The lock screen should always be shown after connection |
```

### Disabling the Lock Screen
Please note that a lock screen will be required by most OEMs. You can disable the lock screen manager, but you will then be required to implement your own logic for showing and hiding the lock screen. This is not recommended as the @![iOS]`SDLLockScreenConfiguration` !@ @![android]`LockScreenConfig`!@ adheres to most OEM lock screen requirements. However, if you must create a lock screen manager from scratch, the library's lock screen manager can be disabled via the @![iOS]`SDLLockScreenConfiguration`!@ @![android]`LockScreenConfig`!@ as follows:

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc

> SDLLockScreenConfiguration *lockScreenConfiguration = [SDLLockScreenConfiguration enabledConfiguration];

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDLLockScreenConfiguration *lockScreenConfiguration = [SDLLockScreenConfiguration disabledConfiguration];
```

> lockScreenConfiguration.displayMode = SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayModeNever;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```

##### Swift
```swift

> let lockScreenConfiguration = SDLLockScreenConfiguration.enabled()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let lockScreenConfiguration = SDLLockScreenConfiguration.disabled()
```

> lockScreenConfiguration.displayMode  = .never

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ##### Objective-C

Reviewer: Making the lock screen always on is missing from Android.

Author: isnt that what the /toDO is for? or should i add it myself?

Author: ios tag was out of place fixed!

```objc
SDLLockScreenConfiguration *lockScreenConfiguration = [SDLLockScreenConfiguration enabledConfiguration];
lockScreenConfiguration.displayMode = SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayModeAlways;
```

##### Swift
```swift
let lockScreenConfiguration = SDLLockScreenConfiguration.enabled()
lockScreenConfiguration.displayMode = .always
```
!@

@![android]
```java
// ToDo - add example
```
!@

> ### Dismiss the Lockscreen (Passenger Mode)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling User Lockscreen Dismissal (Passenger Mode)
```

> Starting in Core v6.0+ users may now have the ability to dismiss the lock screen if they are a passenger by swiping the lock screen down. Not all OEMs will support this new feature. A dismissable lock screen is enabled by default if the head unit enables the feature, but you can disable it as well. To disable this feature, set `SDLLockScreenConfiguration`'s `enableDismissGesture` to false.

Reviewer: You haven't considered Android here

> Starting in Core v6.0+ users may now have the ability to dismiss the lock screen if they are a passenger by swiping the lock screen down. Not all OEMs will support this new feature. A dismissable lock screen is enabled by default if the head unit enables the feature, but you can disable it as well. To disable this feature, set `SDLLockScreenConfiguration`'s `enableDismissGesture` to false.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in RPC v6.0+ users may now have the ability to dismiss the lock screen by swiping the lock screen down. Not all OEMs support this new feature. A dismissable lock screen is enabled by default if the head unit enables the feature, but you can disable it manually as well. To disable this feature, set `SDLLockScreenConfiguration`'s `enableDismissGesture` to false.
```

##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLLockScreenConfiguration *lockScreenConfiguration = [SDLLockScreenConfiguration enabledConfiguration];
lockScreenConfiguration.displayMode = SDLLockScreenConfigurationDisplayModeAlways;
```

##### Swift
```swift
let lockScreenConfiguration = SDLLockScreenConfiguration.enabled()
lockScreenConfiguration.displayMode = .always
```
!@

@![android]
```java
// ToDo - add example
```
!@

### Dismiss the Lockscreen (Passenger Mode)

> Starting in Core v6.0+ users may now have the ability to dismiss the lock screen if they are a passenger. Not all OEMs will support this new feature. A dismissable lock screen is enabled by default in supported OEMs. To disable this feature, set `SDLLockScreenConfiguration`s `enableDismissGesture` to false. When enabled a user can simply swipe on the lock screen to close it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in Core v6.0+ users may now have the ability to dismiss the lock screen if they are a passenger by swiping the lock screen down. Not all OEMs will support this new feature. A dismissable lock screen is enabled by default if the head unit enables the feature, but you can disable it as well. To disable this feature, set `SDLLockScreenConfiguration`'s `enableDismissGesture` to false.
```

@![iOS]
##### Objective-C
```objc
SDLLockScreenConfiguration *lockScreenConfiguration = [SDLLockScreenConfiguration enabledConfiguration];
lockScreenConfiguration.enableDismissGesture = NO;
```

##### Swift
```swift
let lockScreenConfiguration = SDLLockScreenConfiguration.enabledConfiguration()

> lockScreenConfiguration.showInOptionalState = true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
lockScreenConfiguration.enableDismissGesture = false
```
